Now despite the similarities between using custom types like here and using classes in ESX like here
there are some differences.
So first the big difference is with class sticker declarations.
They're not treated like functions so here this function is actually hoisted to the top of my program
book class declarations are treated like less variables essentially.
So instead of being hoisted they're put in the temporal dead zone which means you can't access them
or use them until execution flows over this part of your script right here.
Another big difference is that all of the code inside of class declarations runs in strict mode automatically.
So there's really no way to opt out of it.
Besides that all of the methods are non enumerable which is a big difference from working with custom
types where in order to create a non Enumerable method you has the you had to use something like object
defined property and specifically set that configuration on your method.
Also methods don't have an internal construct method.
We talked about how different functions will have a construct and a call method on them.
All these methods similar to aero functions don't have a constructor method on them.
So in other words if you try to call them with the keyword new you'll get an error which is really nice.
And if you also try to call the class constructor itself which is called whenever we use new.
So if you try to use this class without using the keyword new it's also going to throw an error.
And last but not least if you attempt to overwrite the class name within a class method it throws an
error.